The celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
I thought a good architectural structure should be useful, durable and beautiful.
A group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
A number of students have volunteer jobs.
Educational level is found to be related to social and economic background.
We can all meet at my office after the lecture.
Tutorials are scheduled in the final week of the term.
You can make an appointment to meet the librarian.
Affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
Agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
All dissertations must be accompanied bt a submission form.
All industries are a system of input, processes, output and feedback.
All of the assignments must be submitted in person to the faculty office.
Economic development needs to be supported by the government.
All of your assignments are due by tomorrow.
All students are expected to attend ten lab session per semester.
Our view is that educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
Although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.
Americans have typically defined the process of plant growth in quantitative terms.
An ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
An introduction is an essential element of presentation.
And in the regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
The assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadlines.
Before attending classes, you must register online or by post.
Behind the group, there is flat cart drawn by mules.
Climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among a group of reputable scientists.
Clinical placements in nursing prepare students for professional practice.
Conferences ought to be always scheduled two weeks in advance.
Consumer confidence has a direct influence on sales.
Convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.
Daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.
The economic strength of the early Roma Republic will be examined.
He landed a job in a very prestigious law firm.
I thought it was through the small meeting room.
If finance is a cause if concern, scholarships may be available. 
If you need additional help, visit the student resource center.
Important data from the argument are missing in the summary.
It is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your source.
Listening is the key skill needed to succeed in this course.
Many birds migrate to warmer areas for the winter.
A National Center of Excellence is currently being built.
Nurses can specialize in clinical work and management.
Our professor is hosting the business development conference.
Packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
Peer group pressure has a significant effect on young people.
Plants are the living things that can grow in land or in water.
Please note that the submission deadline are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
Please remember to bring a highlighter and your textbook to class next Thursday.
All of your assignments are due on Wednesday.
Radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
Remember, the prestigious election of stewardship has strict eligibility criteria.
The supposed benefits of space exploration are frequently questioned.
Scientists are always asking the government for more money.
The speaker began by gibing an outline of her presentation.
Some economists argue that the entire financial system is fatally flawed.
Some students find that true or false questions are harder than short answers.
You are advised to use multiple research methods for this project.
Students requiring an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
The aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
The application processes may take longer than expected.
The archeologist's new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
The artists tied to the conservative politicians earned the role of critics.
The assessment of this course will begin next week.
The author's early works were less philosophical and more experimental.
The book was supported by many faculty members.
TheThe course helps student to improve their pronunciation.
The earth's atmosphere is primarily composed of oxygen and nitrogen gases.
The faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful.
The first assignment is due on the fourteenth of September.
The garden behind the university is open to the public in summer.
The history of the university is a long and interesting one.
The most popular course still have a few places left.
The nation achieved prosperity by opening its ports for trade.
The office opens on Mondays and Thursdays directly following the freshman seminar.
The qualification will be assessed by using a criterion-referenced approach.
The summer course is canceled due to insufficient enrollment.
The synopsis contains the most import information.
The theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of ten demure compositional style.
The time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
The ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
There are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.
This morning's lecture on economic policy has been canceled.
Traffic is the main cause of air pollution in many cities.
Tribes vied with each other to build monolithic statues.
University fees are expected to increase next year.
Water filters on campus will discourage the unnecessary use of plastic bottles.
We can't consider increase in our price at this stage.
We study to science understand and appreciate the world around us.
We were able to contact a number of research subjects.
You were able to contact a number of research subjects.
Manufacture can now employ more people than agriculture and fishing combined.
Education and training provide important skills for the labor force.
The study of nutrition is a growing field.
There is a welcome party for all new students each term.
They developed a unique approach to training their employees.
Every student has both the right and the ability to succeed.
Before submitting your dissertation, your advisor must approve your application.
He was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture closer together.
Making mistakes is fine as long as you learn from them.
Some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer collaboration.
Students attempting to go to the conference must register now.
The ability to work with fellow students cannot be stressed enough.
Archeologists discovered tools and other artifacts near the ancient tomb.
The essay contains most of the important information.
The plight of local wildlife has been ignored by developers.
Mechanical engineering first became prominent during the Industrial Revolution.
The lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policy of the United States.
The department is organizing a trip to London in July.
Speed is defined as how quickly an object or a person moves.
Protective clothing must always be worn in the laboratory.
Make sure you choose a course that provides great career opportunities.
We no longer respond to any post reference requests.
Sugar is a compound including carbon,oxygen, and hydrogen atoms.
International exchange formed the important part of our study program.
Scientists were unsure when the early men first left Africa.
The shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
The bus for London will leave 10 minutes later than planned.
Consumer confidence tends to increase as the economy expands.
Time and distance are used to calculate speed.
The history department is very active in research.
Every student has regular is very active is research.
Castles were designed to intimidate both local people and enemies.
Graphs and charts allowed data to be more easily understood.
A laptop computer has been found in the biology lab.
His appoinment to the Minister of Culture was seen as a demotion.
Measures must be taken to prevent the unemployment rtate from increasing.
Journalism faces the crisis in the light of the digital revolution.
Request for late applications will not be accepted under any circumsttances.
Salt is produced from sea water or extracted from the ground.
The northern campus car park is located behind the library.
Molecules of conpound consist of chemically separate parts.
More graduate rtaning is needed after university study has finished.
Your ideas are encuoraged to be debated in seminars and tutorials.
Academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
Imported default packages are likely to be used for most computers.
Students should leave their bags on the table behiand the door.
Please close the door behind you when you leave the room.
Honet can be used as food and a valubale health product.
Farmers need to adapt to the changes in climate.
Many university lectures can now be viewed on the internet.
Linguistics is the scientific study and analysis of language.
A new collection of articles has been published.
Auditions for the university choir will be held next week.
The disease that was serious has now been eradicated.
Students must attend the safety instruction course before attending the engineering workshop.
Trees benefit the city by soaking up the rainwater that runs off the roads.
The commissioner will apportion the funds among all the authorities.
Please note that the seminar has now been canceled.
Many diseases that were once serious have now been eradicated.
Nutrition plays a keey role in athletic performance.
The deadline for this assignment is next Wednesday.
Members should make mandatory contributions to associated operating funds.
Statistically speaking, the likelihood of this result is extremely low.
The terms, illness and disease, are confusing despite clear differences.
He wrote popetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
You need to hand in an essay next semester.
Industry experts will discuss job opportunities in an automated workforce.
Thr economic predictions turned out to be iccorrect.
The mometum is defined as the combination of mass and velocity.
The cafeteria will only serve cold meals on Friday this week.
There have been long streams of extreme weather throughout human history.
Artifical intelligence has made significant progress in the last few years.
It is important to make clear notes when you are reading.
The untapped potential of using sunray is phenomenal.
The poster of this play is hung in the largest lecture theater.
Optional tutorials are offered in the final week of the term.
Technology is changing the way that media is used and studied.
You will be tested by continuous assessments and examinations.
Climate change is not a pure reason for this scientific research.
Oractical experience is a vital part of legal training.
Easter Island is a small island in the southeastern Pacific Ocean.
There is pharmacy on campus near the bookstore.
In language learning, a systematic method of categorizing new vocabulary is essential.
The histiry course is assessed via three written assignments.
The other book isn't thorough, but it's more insightful.
We have sophisticated ways of studying the brain in action.
The dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.
Student representatives will be visiting the classrooms with voting forms.
The article comsoders the lesiure habits of teenagers in rural areas.
The university will seek a colossal renovation to the faint empty theater.
Students must prresent a valid identification to enroll in this course.
The instant availability of information has radically changed people's lives.
It is essential for companies to reduce the harmful gases released into the atmosphere.
The exam application system has been upgraded for professional exams.
We are committed to recruiting candidates from all backgrounds and identities.
New media has transcended traditional national boundaries.
Please confirm that you have received the textbook.
One student representative will be selected from each class.
The accountancy students must hand in their dissertations this week.
While some people regard it as care, others regard it as recklessness.
The full list of undergraduate programs can be found on the website.
We have a great deal of debate on that topic.
Many students are now studying science, technology, engineering and maths.
Visual aid can be really helpful when you are revising.
The marketingbudget has been doubled since the beginning of the year.
We encourahe students to complete their applications before the deadline.
I will come back to this in a moment.
Lectures are the oldest and the most formal teaching method at university.
Research shows that exercising makes uw feel better.
The student shop sells a range of stationery.

docker run -itd --restart always --gpus all -p 8080:8080 -v /root/.tabby:/data tabbyml/tabby serve --model TabbyML/SantaCoder-1B --device cuda &

/home/ev-docker/overlay2/131cd83560e19a790e275846d63ff3cb6e8a3ac01200a08e5d1ca9a7388f648d/diff
/home/ev-docker/overlay2/434677831cf31966c6d74edb6fa14ecc21df5f418b22af733809f3cad0560014/diff
/home/ev-docker/overlay2/7e2cabb2c43882cc5b6acfce3d3778571585d63e56e59cf6052394084bfe5be8/diff

docker ps -a|grep stairwellhandrails_3101_gpu|awk '{print $1}'|xargs -I {} docker rm {}


docker ps -a|awk '{print $1}'|xargs -I {} docker rm {}


docker ps -a|grep stairwellhandrails3101gpu11162|awk '{print $1}'|xargs -I {} docker rm {}

docker ps -a|grep stairwellhandrails_3101_gpu|awk '{print $1}'|xargs -I {} docker rm {}


/home/ev-docker/overlay2/113cd8071327fac26e0f23c756af2ef3ba5f74abb86a238310cc1505e494fabc/diff/usr/local/ev_sdk/model/escalator.onnx
/home/ev-docker/overlay2/79c6f5613d6527a396a1370978028103bac648a762623120ddd1f1149e1d5466/diff/usr/local/ev_sdk/model/escalator.onnx


/var/log/pods/<pod namespace>_<pod name>_<pod uid>
